[docs] bm added a link to the node-manager module (#5445)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/_includes/getting_started/bm/STEP_FINALIZE.md

At this point, you have created a basic **single-master** cluster.

> For real-world conditions (production and test environments), <a href="/documentation/latest/modules/040-node-manager/faq.html#how-do-i-add-a-static-node-to-a-cluster">add nodes</a> to the cluster and familiarize yourself with how to <a href="/documentation/latest/modules/040-node-manager/">manage nodes</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For real-world conditions (production and test environments), <a href="/documentation/v1/modules/040-node-manager/faq.html#how-do-i-add-a-static-node-to-a-cluster">add nodes</a> to the cluster and familiarize yourself with how to <a href="/documentation/v1/modules/040-node-manager/">manage nodes</a>.
```

> For real-world conditions (production and test environments), you need to <a href="/documentation/latest/modules/040-node-manager/faq.html#how-do-i-add-a-static-node-to-a-cluster">add nodes</a> to the cluster and familiarize yourself with <a href="/documentation/latest/modules/040-node-manager/">the Node Management</a> module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For real-world conditions (production and test environments), <a href="/documentation/latest/modules/040-node-manager/faq.html#how-do-i-add-a-static-node-to-a-cluster">add nodes</a> to the cluster and familiarize yourself with how to <a href="/documentation/latest/modules/040-node-manager/">manage nodes</a>.
```
